inkscape_extractpath:
An extension for inkscape to export coordinates of a path, naturally in a 
format that PVMOS can undersand. To this end the path must be a polygon, 
i.e. only straight line segments between nodes, no bezier curves. 
Inkscape often applies all sorts of transformation on a path. This script,
however, is rather dumb so it does not correct the coordinates  for these
transformations and just spits out the data it finds in the path data 
structure. This means the script outputs coordinates in what are 
effectively arbitrary units. This is where the next utility comes in 
handy.


polytransform:
utility to transform the polygon data from the inkscape extension to the 
units you want. 
Synopsys:
polytransform <polygon> [[operation1] [args 1] [operation 2] [args2]...]

Operation
   move:	Shits all coordinates over an x- and y-offset. Thus it
		takes two arguments, xoff and yoff
   rot:		Rotate coordinates around a center coordinate. Takes
		three arguments, the center coordinates, xc and yc, 
		and the rotation in degreed 
   flipx:	Reverse sign of the x-coordinates. Needs no arguments
   flipy:	Reverse sign of the y coordinates. Needs no arguments
   scale:	Scale coordiates by factor. Takes the factor as an 
		argument
   scalex:	Scale x coordiates by factor. Takes the factor as an 
		argument
   scaley:	Scale y coordiates by factor. Takes the factor as an 
		argument
   bb:		Specify the boundingbox. As arguments you provide the 
		coordinates of the lower left corner and the upper right 
		corner. polytransform will then scale and shift the y- 
		and y- coordinates such that the path has the specified 
		bounding box. Thus it takes 4 arguments x1,y1,x2,y2.
   bb_fixR:	Same as above but preserving the aspect ratio of the 
   		polygon.

The bb and bb_fixR commands output the move and scale operations performed
to stderr (coordinates are printedto stdout). This allows you to have 
several paths in inkscape and once you fit one to its required scape you 
can shape all theothers acoordingly 
